README.md, before:

# take-note (tn) - dead simple note taking 

## Usage

### Specifying the editor

You'll most likely want to use your editor of choice. If you've set the 
`EDITOR` environment variable in your shell config already, you're done, `tn`
will use it. Otherwise, set your editor in your `.bashrc` and restart your
shell:

```
echo "export EDITOR='nvim'" >> ~/.bashrc
exec bash
```

### Taking your first note

```
tn my-first-note
```

### Reviewing notes

Assuming you've already edited and saved a note using `tn` with the name
`existing-note-name` you just have to invoke the command again to review or
edit.

```
tn existing-note-name
```




## Building & Installing

Building requires an installation of the [Racket programming
language](https://racket-lang.org/). Once that is installed, building and
installing can be done in one step with the normal make incantation:

```
cd take-note 
make install
```

## Enabling shell completion

This note taking tool (it's barely a program) has the ability to leverage bash
command-line completion to speed up references to existing notes. If you have
installed and configured the `bash-completion` package via homebrew, the following will install a user-specific completion script: 

```
tn --bash-completion-script >> ~/.bash_completion 
exec bash
```

If you don't have `bash-completion` installed (or you've installed tn
system-wide and wish to enable completion system wide as well) you can 
install to the bash_completion.d directory instead: 

```
tn --bash-completion-script > $(brew --prefix)/etc/bash_completion.d/tn 
exec bash
```

Commit message:

Rework go-port significantly
* make tn command go gettable, but not installed by default
* break storage into library
* break config into library
* update readme

README.md, after:

# take-note (tn) - dead simple note taking 

## Usage

### Specifying the editor

You'll most likely want to use your editor of choice. If you've set the 
`EDITOR` environment variable in your shell config already, you're done, `tn`
will use it. Otherwise, set your editor in your `.bashrc` and restart your
shell:

```
echo "export EDITOR='nvim'" >> ~/.bashrc
exec bash
```

### Taking your first note

```
tn edit my-first-note
```

### Reviewing notes

Assuming you've already edited and saved a note using `tn` with the name
`existing-note-name` you just have to invoke the command again to review or
edit.

```
tn edit existing-note-name
```

## Building & Installing

Installing the application is easy if you have the 'go' executable installed,
configured a GOPATH, and have added $GOPATH/bin to your PATH environment
variable.  

You should be able to simply `go get` the binary:

```
go get github.com/brandon-atkinson/take-note/cmd/tn
```

## Enabling shell completion

This note taking tool (it's barely a program) has the ability to leverage bash
command-line completion to speed up references to existing notes. If you have
installed and configured the `bash-completion` package via homebrew, the following will install a user-specific completion script: 

```
tn --bash-completion-script >> ~/.bash_completion 
exec bash
```

If you don't have `bash-completion` installed (or you've installed tn
system-wide and wish to enable completion system wide as well) you can 
install to the bash_completion.d directory instead: 

```
tn --bash-completion-script > $(brew --prefix)/etc/bash_completion.d/tn 
exec bash
```
